~From Crstal's Perspective~
Today was a new day in Year 1 Intelligence. 

As I walked in, something seemed off. Something felt off. But I couldn't put my finger on it. Until I sat down, I realised what was wrong. The class was unusually quiet. No sounds of screaming and shouting while playing a game of Brawl Stars, no people asking for help when rushing through the homework due that day. All was quiet, unusually quiet. TOO quiet. 

As I sat there, thinking about what was wrong, I thought," Maybe the rest of my classmates are suffering from oxygen deprivation due to the mask that has to be worn due to COVID-19. " I reassured myself, but that explanation just didn't feel right... In order to convince myself, I jokingly asked my best friend, Alvin, " Hey, why are you so quiet today? You aren't even playing Brawl Stars and screaming your head off today." He just looked at me, and didn't reply.

Now THAT was weird. Alvin was one of the most talkative people in the class, he would NOT miss the chance to have a chat with people, much less with his best friend. Was he mad with me? I asked him, and all he said was," No I'm not. And I'm just feeling a bit restless today, nothing wrong." 

His voice sounded so hollow, and...lifeless. 

Even though he reassured me otherwise, I didn't believe him. There WAS something wrong with him, and aparently by the looks of it, the rest of my classmates too. 

I thought maybe they had a bad day yesterday, but it couldnt be the WHOLE class. Something was very wrong. Just then, the teacher came in. 

Thats strange, no person to look out for the teacher and alerting everyone when the teacher arrived, so that the class can be "the most obedient and best class" (on a side note, I think the teachers already know that we are the opposite cough cough). The class greeted the teacher, but it sounded lifeless. 

That creeped me out. WHAT WAS WRONG WITH MY CLASSMATES??!!

But the teacher didn't seem to realise anything. She just started teaching in a monotonous voice. Now that was even weirder. This teacher was one of the most enthusiastic teachers, her voice is always full of energy. 

A thick fog covered the room all of a sudden. A cold hand grabbed me towads it. I screamed as I saw bloddy red eyes. Panic filled me. I guess it was that fear that caused me to act in an irrational way. I grabbed my textbook and repeatedly hit the thing with bloody red eyes until it screamed and let go of me. I ran. Out of the classroom. But there was fog everywhere. And I saw many pairs of red eyes. I screamed and took off towards the exit. But alas, I was blocked by many cold and lifeless bodies. Wait...wasn't that Alvin? I hugged him out of relief.

But something felt wrong. His body was unaturally cold. I looked up. Bloody red eyes replacing his usual warm brown ones. Then I realised. 

He was possessed. As I looked aound, I realised EVERYONE was possessed. I screamed.

But the fog suddenly cleared nd everyone was back to normal.

I was dumbstruck. What just happened?

The spi...spirits...prob...probably...le...left...

And I continued the day, The experienced truly tramatised me. Every small sound I screamed, as long as I saw red I screamed. 

That day, I went home and laid down in my bed. It was early, but I felt tired. 

That day I went to the hospital, I didn't know why. All I knew was my parents and Alvin smiling sadly at me, and telling me I needed medication because I was sick. But they didn't tell me what was wrong.

As I laid down, I saw a something staring at me. With bloody red eyes. 

~From Alvin's Perspective~

I don't know what happened. But it happened all so fast. Suddenly in class Crystal started screaming. As I tried to calm her down and grabbed her, she hit me wih her textbook! Ouch. Thn she ran out! Then she started screaming at everyone. What is wrong with her? Anyways it all endd soon enough, but I was worried. Thus I called her parents and told them everything. After hearing so, they brought her to a hospital, and asked me along. After some close brain analysis, they realised something. 

She had psychosis. Psychosis is a condition that affects the way your brain processes information. It causes you to lose touch with reality. You might see, hear, or believe things that aren’t real. Psychosis is a symptom, not an illness. A mental or physical illness, substance abuse, or extreme stress or trauma can cause it. They said she had it since last December. Her parents frowned, before looking at me.

"That's when her grandmoher died. I guess it affected her more than we thought it would. We...we shou...should ha...have paid more attention to her..." her mother said as she broke down into tears. 

That day, I went home. She didn't deserve this. All she was, was a kind and sweet little girl. Or, tomboy actually. No one in their right mind would call her a gentle dainty lady. I chuckled, despite the situation. I wanted to help her, but how?

~From Crustal's neighbour, Dolores' Perspective~

That silly girl. 



