Today was a new day in Year 1 Intelligence. 

As I walked in, something seemed off. Something felt off. But I couldn't put my finger on it. Until I sat down, I realised what was wrong. The class was unusually quiet. No sounds of screaming and shouting while playing a game of Brawl Stars, no pe ople asking for help when rushing through the homework due that day. All was quiet, unusually quiet. TOO quiet. 

As I sat there, thinking about what was wrong, I thought," Maybe the rest of my classmates are suffering from oxygen deprivation due to the mask that has to be worn due to COVID-19. " I reassured myself, 
but that explanation just didn't feel right... In order to convince myself, I jokingly asked my best friend, Alvin, 
" Hey, why are you so quiet today? You aren't even playing Brawl Stars and screaming your head off today." He just looked at me, and didn't reply. Now THAT was weird. 
Alvin was one of the most talkative people in the class, he would NOT miss the chance to have a chat with people, much less with his best friend. Was he mad with me? 
I asked him, and all he said was," No I'm not. And I'm just feeling a bit restless today, nothing wrong." 

His voice sounded so hollow, and...lifeless. 

Even though he reassured me otherwise, I didn't believe him. There WAS something wrong with him, and aparently by the loks of it, the rest of my classmates too. 

I thought maybe they had a bad day yesterday, but it couldnt be the WHOLE class. Something was very wrong. Just then, the teacher came in. 
Thats strange, no person to look out for the teacher and alerting everyone when the teacher arrived, so that the class can be "the most obedient and best class" 
(on a side note, I think the teachers already know that we are the opposite cough cough). The class greeted the teacher, it sounded lifeless
The story is abt 1I being weird, quiet. Cher didnt mind, but the persona is not convinced. They like tat becuz all the rest of the peeps are possessed, but not the persona. 
